# Content-managment-system-project
building a command-line application from scratch to manage a company's employee database, using Node.js, Inquirer, and PostgreSQL. I worked on this application with my tutor, Robert Kurle Jr. on March 19th, 2024. I first constructed some basic queries in PostgreSQL's management application, pgAdmin, and used them to construct my queries and schemas in the db folder. Then I worked on the index.js file's prompts one by one. The first prompt i worked on was the main menu of the application, which required a relatively simple if-else if-else structure to branch into specified functions. Then I worked on the view functions, which took in the queries I wrote in queries.sql. I had trouble getting them to display properly at first before finally settling into console.table(res.rows) to display the results in the format the video for the challenge showed. Then I worked on the add functions. Each one got progressively more difficult as they required more callbacks than the previous one. I found add employee especially challenging to program as it both required a lot of responses to be passed through to the final insert as well as made me find a way to translate picking a string answer and having that answer translate into an id # to properly populate the table. Finally I worked on the update employee function. This function also had similar challenges to the add employee function, but took less time to untangle as there were less callbacks involved. 

here is a link to the walkthrough video: https://app.screencastify.com/v3/watch/yQp0NLR6fo0YVKyGOsPN
here is a link to the github repository: https://github.com/aahmad1123/Content-managment-system-project
